this attempt at humor was sponsored by
brilliant okay guys we are going to
continue with limits today and although
you won't need to know for the test how
to construct an epsilon proof or limit
obviously going to show you one little
example sorry what was that noise you
just made do you mean the words of the
proof yeah there it is again what is
that oh that's funny
teachers jokes sake I literally asked
for the proof that the square root of 2
is irrational which we covered in his
completeness in class already
and he wrote absolute nonsense mm yeah
wasn't totally paying attention that day
however I decided to go a different
route instead of proving that root 2 is
irrational which I mean everyone does I
proved that root 4 is too little proof
by calculators the experts call it and
yeah yeah I got that right so if you
could split up anybody thought my paper
that would be great what DECT say for
this proof you simply rewrote my
question and put a QED under it
ah well I thought that was trivial and
left as an exercise for the grater no it
definitely does not work like this huh
oh yeah I mean comes alive so what are
the applications of this how does this
affect me how do i profit from this
tomorrow if this is not gonna affect my
daily life I don't know why I'm here you
got to throw me some applications 10
real-world applications I can use in my
life tonight go why are we learning this
what's that symbol in the top left there
X okay great and where are two
applications they're just like the first
29 coming mind can you repeat everything
you just said over the past eight weeks
I didn't catch that
now if you really want an a on this
exome you need to show okay but if you
only want to see then okay now we're
talking you said think it's still good
to see if we show partial work so just
how partial we talking here roughly is
70 to 80% wait but why would you even
try to go for a C in the first place I'm
sorry what I am NOT getting this what
are you working on I'm at you know the
hardest part of calc 2 and I can't
figure this out which part the part
where you have to calculate what you
need on the final to still pass this
class now okay I think I'm getting
somewhere though because quizzes are
worth 20% of our great right but he
hasn't put in the final two quizzes we
took and he dropped your lowest quiz I
just don't know if it's gonna be one of
those two so okay okay you know we can
run a comparison test
yeah compare yeah different scenarios
compare different scenarios so scenario
a let's say my lowest quiz is not one of
those two all right so that means it
would be quiz number three it's three
okay so means we can cancel out quiz
three that's gone that's gone okay and
then that gives me an upper and lower
bound on the efforts I have to put into
studying right and then okay we're
trying to maximize the final grade to
effort ratio now if I can but he curves
the final exam and depends on how
everyone else does
so if I want to optimize this and I have
that many unknowns can you even do do do
don't see it why don't you just use this
time to actually study for the exam Wow
I am not in the mood for jokes right now
dear calc two gods please let this final
make a little bit of sense here we go
what though is that why the hell does
everyone look like they know what
they're doing
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god maybe I can know or with this
B I don't know I don't know I don't know
holy crap this curve better be amazing
everyone just needs to do terrible hmmm
let's see how confident does everybody
look okay this guy knows what he's doing
you gotta stop them somehow
ice on your own paper yeah you keep
saying that that required is that like
an optional thing SEC I can see you
cheating
yeah we'll prove it rigorously oh I
think I got it
if I can manage to get eight out of ten
points on this question then that'll
make up for the two points I'll try to
BS on this question and then I'll be
good so 30 seconds left you guys
converges diverges diverges converges 7
3 PI over 4
like loudly doesn't give you my diploma
hey if they made a movie about that test
it be called easy eh am i right SEC you
got a C gotta see the 100% I got ya no
surprise ya really an F with all the
curve but we will chat later
mhm yes guys let's get an F in the chat
for the curve that I ruined good call
professor alright now I gotta see this
thing let me check it out or just show
me the answer key you know same test am
i right what oh thank you too brilliant
for sponsoring this video
if you want your next test to go as
buttery smooth as that transition
check out brilliant org an educational
platform that hosts dozens of courses in
math science and engineering for the
engineers out there who want to not cry
as much in math class I recommend their
advanced math courses
including multivariable calculus
differential equations vector calculus
and more which cover a range of applied
math concepts useful in a variety of
fields what I like is that they teach
you the technical information through
visual animations and real-world
examples as much as possible to make
sure you really understand even the more
advanced concepts additionally you can
inspire others and encourage lifelong
learning by gifting a brilliant premium
subscription if you'd like to get
started right now and scored the channel
go to brilliant org slash major prep and
the first 200 people to sign up with 20%
off their annual premium subscription
and with that I'm gonna end that video
there if you guys haven't seen yet be
sure to check out the flammable mass
Channel where it ends and I did a
separate collab slash skin video thanks
as always to my supporters on patreon
social media links are down below and
I'll see you guys in the next video
[Music]